Do you know what this is? Southeast Asia's Yigoushui.
I don't, you're not feeling well yet.
You're talking nonsense, little dragon egg,
Why did you go first just now?
A waste like him, you keep saying,
You are never allowed to eat.
is that so?
King Haijing, come and talk to me,
Can't say. Why do you talk to so many people on the phone?
They even logged themselves into Yuanwu,
How dare you be like me behind the little dragon egg man,
Death is certain.
Do you think you have a fee within the protection fund?
I listen to God and drive Nanufe away
I will beat you in Junhua
I experienced you and changed into five clouds
Don’t you want to go to me?
My family will eat with you
You can't introduce me to see what I have
You've surpassed Wuyun in saying that you really know how to speak electronics
You dare to make such a big fuss
Not enough to kill
Later when you run to your teaching
Too bad to be sure
You hit me, I'll smell it
You have been possessed by life